otherwise break guests are talking about
Most God Is It Someone
woke up from the place of accident disappeared
Well friends of the seas and skills
factor for me is it angular head
ria news maria tobacco i don't want
we have wonderful talented
I am for the guys but I will say fists
Yana Khokhlova Sergey Novitsky
the program
pole dance Coppole
led books
smart
m
we have
they need
but disappeared
the guys managed to handle
my program if to prevent serious
passenger
elena partzvania
I ordered the program beautiful costumes and
beautiful russian
I really hope that
it includes expenses
will be appreciated
not just the judging panel but
m technical brigades
really really want to congratulate
of all
our media is not necessary
which soldiers are on these
Litvinovich competition course
who are in Moscow and St.
petersburg televisions and of course
is experiencing very much
Yes, we see that this program was hard
guys unite with worries because
what
just something catastrophic
an event that happened yesterday
in the evaluation of these athletes of course
same
very stylish
good steps
The head of the Ministry of Justice when it is not just a day
Medvedev sent
actions of Russia
it should reflect
wanted to put
split he will deliver for contention
we hope that there will be such
Minsk but nonetheless
this is not a serious mistake
yanochka in the image
Well done, well done guys, I congratulate
good hire seasoning seniors
sends her
and I really hope for an objective
judging wait not long
as says hello out of habit
falconers
and we are still shown
hara is also not immediately
they were all detained on the fact that
swede on ice
new union building boldly text
suicide
mister dignity incomprehensible
together with water Zhukovsky
they all forwarded
enter a half times in the center
Alexey
ok let's talk directly to her
no doubt that they themselves gave helped
ignored
implementation of this project
13 points not the highest level on
six points less than alexander
Yermolayeva
second time
second place
at this tournament, we bought belanov